board: arm: sparkfun_pro_micro_rp2040: Support JTAG (#69360)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/sparkfun/pro_micro_rp2040/doc/index.rst

Using UF2
---------

The Pro Micro board does make the SWD pins available on pads on the

> underside of the board. You can soldier to these pins, and use a JTag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
underside of the board. You can solder to these pins, and use a JTag
```

debugger. You can also flash the SparkFun ProMicro RP2040 with a UF2 file.
By default, building an app for this board will generate a
`build/zephyr/zephyr.uf2` file. If the Pro Micro RP2040 is powered on with
the `BOOTSEL` button pressed, it will appear on the host as a mass storage

> device. The UF2 file should be drag-and-dropped to the device, which will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
device. The UF2 file should be copied to the device, which will
```
